I think that, to gather all of us, we need to put an end to the "money-king"
because it's what divides human beings and ruines nature.
And here is my plan:
First, change institutions and rethink everything from the very beguinning
to get a true republic, laic, and really under people's control.
Then, change once and for all to an ecological way to produce and consume.
Afterwards, make finance and CAC40 pay
the part they owe to raise employment and wages,
because they have taken enough. Time has come for them to give back.
No more people in the street ! No more misery ! No one in galley !
Finally, act for peace.
Too little was said about this tonight.
But a war is coming and rising which tends to generalize itself.
Sources of tension are observed all over the world, as well as in the old continent.
Here is "L'avenir en commun" (A future together) that we need to build now.
French ladies and gentlemen,
Republic
in our country
is more than an institution :
it's a way of thinking life together.
Liberty, Equality, Fraternity,
is more than a motto. It's a roadmap.
So, of course, now we need a new president,
I know it.
And changing our government,
such is my proposition.
But first, I believe that it is about
beginning happy days
because our country has suffered long enough,
and time has come for it, to get back the taste of happiness.